Step1: Creating environment
	 pip install pipenv
	 pipenv install streamlit pandas
	 pip install -r requrements.txt
	 pipenv shell

step2:-import all libraries mention in requriment.txt file

step3:-save streamlit code as app.py file 

step:- To run streamlit simply on terminal change directory to file location then type command streamlit run app.py enterkey
       OR
       in terminal on existing location enter streamlit run full_path_of_file_location/app.py enterkey
       
Step4:- It will genrerate url move to a browser.On Browser you see localhost_no. and some app UI Interface
      
                    Thank You!!!!


Here are some steps you can try to resolve if any issue facing:

issue 1)	The error message suggests that the locking process has failed due to a resolution failure. This could be caused by a mismatch 		in sub-dependencies, which can often occur when different packages require different versions of the same package.

Solution:-	Check your pipenv version and make sure it's up to date with the latest version.
		Run the command pipenv lock --pre to install any pre-release dependencies that may be causing the issue.
		Run the command pipenv clean to remove any cached dependencies.
		Run the command pipenv install --skip-lock to bypass the locking mechanism and install the packages without locking them.
		Run the command pipenv graph to inspect the dependencies and their versions to help identify any mismatches.

Issue&Solution2) If none of the above steps work, try creating a new virtual environment and installing the packages again. This can often 			solve issues caused by conflicting dependencies in the current environment.

Issue&Solution 3)If there is a scrapperexception error, try updating snscrape(if snscrape  is not upto date then uninstall and install updated 		version of  snscrape And run streamlit App again following above step).

Issue in requrement.txt run dependencies library without version mention example:-if there is library like altair==4.1.0 not supporting then (pip install altair) only